everyone takes the limits of their own
vision for the limits of the world
Arthur
schopen there is all around you right
now the reflections of Your World belief
there're so ever present that you don't
even see them all the assumption that
you've made about the world the things
that are possible what you're capable of
who you are the very definition of what
it means to be alive all of it is
completely invisible and you're
mistaking what you have for what could
be and once you break free of that once
you understand that right now you're a
moment in time and that you have latent
potential and that latent potential can
be expressed in the form of skills that
you can get good at things that you can
develop yourself in any direction that
brain plasticity
alone is one of the greatest weapons
that you're not using but you have to
move beyond what you can perceive today
you have to begin to look beyond that
and see that which doesn't yet exist
and you have to remember that many of
the things that are holding you down are
rules that you don't even realize are
rules and as general Douglas MacArthur
said you're remembered for the rules you
break and right now you're following
rules that you don't even realize exists
and some of those rules are simply what
is okay to dream but I'm here to tell
you the
power is in
recognizing that you can do it the power
is in having the arrogance of belief the
power is in understanding that you yes
you are going to be capable of something
simply because you are willing to
believe in yourself and that's the thing
it's a willingness to believe in
yourself no one's going to give it to
you even the people that love you
they're not going to give you that they
are incapable of giving it to you people
cannot see past their limitations and
they take them for truth people actually
believe the things that have stopped
them will forever not only stop them but
they will stop other people how can they
hope to give you anything but
limitation so if you know that if you
know that even the people that love you
what they're handing you is limit a with
the best of [__] intentions with all
the love in the
world how are you going to break out of
that how are you going to break past
those rules how are you going to fight
the anxiety that inevitably comes your
way when you think about going against
the grain but my friends until you can
do that you can never get beyond the
[__] that limits you if people said
gravity is what it is we never would
have reached escape velocity and yet as
a species we have been able to hurl a
[__] rocket into space get it outside
of gravity take us to other planets that
is real only because somebody said I
refuse to be held down by the most
obvious rule that we have the one that
everybody says is beyond reproach and
that is
gravity but even gravity will break
under the weight of a superior will so
recognize as epitus said if you want to
improve be content to be thought foolish
and
stupid can you be content to be thought
foolish and stupid or do you allow allow
yourself to be caged to be hemmed in by
what other people think and look I get
it I understand the sting of contempt I
understand how much it sucks when
someone you respect doesn't respect you
but you cannot be anything more than
their captive if you think about what
they think about you if you let yourself
be defined by what other people perceive
of as you then you will forever be
limited by what they give you permission
to
do and I don't know about you but when I
was a kid I said when I'm an adult I
will never [__] be told what to do
again I will never be held back by
somebody else I will Define myself I
will figure out what I need to do and I
will do it and at the end of the day
that is it my goals drive my behavior I
am not held back by what other people
think about me no matter how [__]
intoxicating it is to be
loved you have to decide what you want
more do you want to be you or do you
want to be someone else's reflection of
you
[Music]